Throughout history, humans have excelled while being in an intense competition with other humans, but have also done particularly well when co-operating with one another. Humans are complex beings. Due to our complex nature, the attainment of success is quite complex as well. Achieving success isn't as straightforward as it may seem. Co-operation and competition are both superior to each other in the achievement of success, depending on the particular situation and they type of success wanted. Many a times, success is measured by reaching a particular goal. In this race to reach a particular goal, competition is a superior method to be used. If one were to run a race alone and if one were to run a race with other individuals, a better time would always be recorded when one is competing with others. This is due to the simple motivation one gets when competing with others. Many a times success is measured in how quickly or efficiently someone can do something. For example, how fast can someone type, run, clean a room, stack blocks, reach the moon, or maybe even build something. At these times the competition within one another acts as a source of motivation and leads to success. However, pretty often success is measured in another way. Sometimes getting the work done quickly isn't as important as the quality of the work that is done. In this situation, success is a measure of quality. In this case competition isn't as effective as co-operation. When different individuals co-operate with one another, they share their ideas with each other and together work better and more efficiently than they would have on their own. For example, many scientific teams work together in order to tackle scientific problems which humans face in an efficient manner. Furthermore, if an epidemic strikes a country, the pharmaceutical companies are more likely to attain success if they work together rather than compete with each other to get an appropriate medicine out which can treat the epidemic. The complexity of success doesn't give a clear cut answer as to which method is better for attaining it. When success is to reach a particular goal, competition is a superior method. However, when the quality of the output of the goal matters, co-operation is a more effective strategy. 