Images and impressions definitely have too much of an effect on people. People are used to judge their peers, their leaders and whichever product, service or experience they run into mainly by their appearances and by the first impressions they give them. The downside of this attitude, in my opinion, is that people are encouraged to excessively focus on appearances even when it comes to themselves. Dressing elegantly, wearing fancy clothes and possessing branded items is often seen as an indication of personal status, confidence, competence and education.Our judgement is often based on what we can see and we often forget to dig a little deeper to learn something more about the person, product or experience we are taking into consideration. The advent of social media has probably given an important contribution to this attitude of individuals. These kind of platforms (like Facebook, Instagram and Snapchat) are based on the idea of making someone's life looking as beautiful as it can possibly be by showing nice pictures, inspirational quotes and often repeating how blessed somebody is. It has been proved, in fact, that people who spend lot of time on social media tend to be less happy than the ones who do not. Despite the causation relationship is still ambiguous (Do sadder people spend more time on social media than the others? Or do people get more sad than the average person if the use social media a lot?). Therefore, people should be more aware on the effects that the use of these devices can have on their mood.The good news is that there is probably a way out of this and it passes through awareness. People should have the possibility to develop their critical thinking and progressively learn to "judge" people and situation by themselves rather than relying on appearances. Education can have a critical role in this progress. People should be encouraged to form conscious and consistent opinions and make evaluations on the basis of the outcomes rather than of appearances.