Currently, most people involved in the cooperative activities. Cooperative could bring various kinds of success rather than competition, like friends, a friendly work environment, profits. Personally speaking, I persist cooperation is a comfortable way of doing well in the world. Cooperation could bring us many leadership skills, like arranging works, communication skills. For example, college students have to complete a project that couldn't be finished individually. Students have to find partners and communicate with teammates to find appropriate jobs for each individual. During the process, communicating is a way to find solutions for the problem and expand horizon. Cooperation can also bring as leadership skills, like arranging and making up decisions. When two choices faced, especially dilemma, leader has to make up mind to find the way to direct teammates to achieve the goal. Cooperation can also bring us friends. For example, we have to talk and communicate with people who we haven't known before. Therefore, we have some ways to learn them and they could probably have similar interests with us and they are more willing to help us and we can both get benefits. During communication, both sides devote themselves to working out, it would make each side of people feel satisfied. Satisfaction is the catalyst for the development of friendship. During the process, we can learn many things from former unknown people. It is also meaningful. Admittedly, competition is a way to get success. However, too much competition will make everyone have too much pressure and will probably distort character; it might makes people less pathamy and be more callous, just for profit. Plus, there are many serious problems that can be solved only by cooperation, like environment problems. It is a global problem, and it becomes more involved as the globalization. Different countries joint together to make high-technology products to reduce pollution, and create a healthier living environment for human beings. Base on the above illustrated, I think cooperative is an efficient way to develop and get successes. It can't be denied that cooperation is co-existed with competition. We have to develop ourselves throng "competition while cooperation" and "cooperation while competition". 