Yes, I do believe that images and impressions have a lasting effect on people. It is said that the "first impression is the last impression".  Psychology states that we do not see the world as it is, we only see that what we want to see. It is often said that life itself is not good or bad, but thinking makes it so. We make opinions about things based on what we interpret them to be, and our impressions play a pivotal role here.This aspect of the human mind is often targeted by several elements, including the media, advertisements, retailers etc. For instance, in the film industry, the manner of narration and introduction paints a few stars in a negative light while others in a positive one. If the narration is carried out successively, there have been several cases wherein the audience actually tends to believe a hero to be "good" and a villain to be "evil" even in the real life, which even the average Joe knows is worlds apart from the 'reel' life. Several times, we purchase a Colgate toothbrush (which is flaunted rather flamboyantly on television) , only to discover that it is about as much useful as an ordinary toothbrush. Experiments have been conducted in which subjects preferred a $90 bottle of wine over the same bottle of wine priced at $10, based upon the simple notion that "expensive is better". Many a politician's career has been uplifted or even destroyed, based purely on how the media projected him/her, regardless of his/her actual caliber. All too often, what we think we see becomes far more important than what really is. This aspect of human psychology may often lead to clouded, biased judgment. This is precisely why the watchword of most courts of justice is "innocent until proven guilty". If judges allowed themselves to form their opinions of people based purely on what they felt, or others said, there would be complete havoc. How often we have heard the expression- "Never judge a book by its cover"!In conclusion I would say that we should use this aspect of the human mind to create a positive impression of ourselves upon others, but at the same time, not let ourselves get carried away by external appearances and not let images and impressions influence our judgment.