As far as I am concerned, people achieve more success by cooperation. With the development of modern society, we are facing more and more challenges every day. In order to chase up with the steps of rapid growing society, we have to do our best to change ourselves and better fit in the tide of the new world. How can we all become better and more successful people? Yes, the answer is cooperation. As the old Chinese saying goes, " You can break a single chopstick easily; however, you can't break a dozen pairs of chopsticks at a time". It is very obvious to tell that the importance of cooperation. Of course, I have heard about different voice about this topic. Some may insist that competition works more than cooperation. I have to admit that nowadays, there is a large amount of completion events among our daily life. In order to seem like a successful person, one has to compete with others and wins variety competitions. Just take myself as a example, I am more like a group person and I have taken some different student competitions in school. Once, my three classmates and I attended the school sports meeting for 400-meter-race. Each of us needed to finish 100-meter running and we had to decide the orders of the race. In this case, we had to have a well cooperation in order to win the first price. We spent spare time practicing together as well as exchanging own advice about the competition. At last, our hard work got paid off and we won the first price. If at that time, we only wanted to think about our individuals rather than the group, would we still win the first place? I think the answer is absolutely no. Rather than competing within the group, we chose to help each other and encourage each other. With the same goal of winning the running race, we finally succeeded. Last but not least, our life is a running race. We can't always compete with others since we will all get tired. Sometimes, we need to slow down and find a partner to run together, in order to reach your academic goal or even a life goal.