People today are affected negatively through the false impression society deems as desirable, which leads to unhappiness and dishonesty through social media. These two traits that come out the most are a product of constant reinforcement of materialistic behaviors in today's world. Although people can live a life full of materials and behaviors that are deemed socially acceptable, most people especially teenagers struggle to find themselves in this sea of social media imperialism. Much like most coming of age stories the young adult featured in it struggles to figure out who they are, this is a fantastic example of how much harder it can be to find oneself specifically in today's society. With social media platforms such as Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, etc., unhealthy behaviors are promoted, such as adolescence being distanced from real life interactions. This distancing leads to overall loneliness and unhappiness, with scientific studies showing a direct correlation between this and a rise in teenage depression, and anxiety rates. With everyone being so glued to their screens it is also easier to create an air of dishonesty, or insecurities. When people are making most of their social interactions behind the curtain that is the internet or social media there is a safety net due to how impersonal these interactions can be. It is easier to hide one's flaws or be dishonest about their life style, appearance, or even personality due to the person on the receiving end not being able to physically see them; this leads to a lack of body language cues, and overall expectation in behavior. All in all, the impression that social media platforms leave on people is not healthy. It promotes dishonesty and unhappiness due to the convoluted reality it creates, and tricks people into believing is real or even better than the life they could be leading with the people around them. Most importantly it creates standards for what is desirable and creates goals that most of the time are unreachable to the common person, while at the same time putting the people who can reach them on top. This creates insecurity and instability in people daily lives by contorting their priorities into things that don't actually make them happy, and more than often lead them down to wrong path or cause them to do things out of character. 