Cooperation provides the same positive results desired by those who favor competition, but in more lasting and successful manners. Cooperation requires that everyone work at maximum capacity, but also allows everyone's best efforts to count towards the goal, which is a plus lost in competition. Additionally, cooperation allows for a greater exchange of ideas that ultimately results in the best options for solutions.To begin with, in the world of politics, it is clear that competition does gain any accomplishments. By making 'winning' the only goal, any genuine desire for good policy has been lost as the political process values ad hominen attacks more than genuine discussion. The complexity of issues like climate change are lost on political leaders who care more for reelection than actually listening to constituents. Party loyalty, and the desire to win resulted in the most unqualified, inefficient president being elected. Currently, no accomplishments have been made, by either side. Grassroots movements, on the other hand, have garnered more support in the last election, and have achieved more through cooperation. The urgency and need for common goals is what has fueled most of that success. As a Target worker, I observe daily the pitfalls of the 'every man for himself' mentality, while also reaping the benefits of group mentality. The workers who simply attempt to finish their own areas in order to leave as quickly as possible find themselves distressed when they realize the other areas have to be finished regardless of if they are under their watch. The most successful closing nights occur when every team member works across all areas. Everything gets finished, and the morning team the next day also feels the success of the previous night.On a mental level, cooperation has the dual effect of giving one both the satisfaction of achieving that can be gained from competition, but also the satisfaction of creating the best outcome through the exchange of ideas. While businesses do grow from competition, they wouldn't maintain that growth were it not for all the cooperation that occurs from the CEO down to the sales associate. While it is okay to make comparisons and desire growth, ultimately groups of people can create more lasting changes than one person alone. 