In my opinion, success comes from combination of cooperation and by competition. Competitions are encouraged between individuals working on the same ground to find the most innovating solutions. Some people might have different working paces and styles, therefore they might be more productive when they work by themselves. In a competitive environment, people are pushed to compete with others. As the result, they must push themselves to work harder, to think differently, which might lead them to innovative ideas. higher quality and lower prices are the.However, working alone is time consuming. No one is the expert of everything. Thus, cooperation will be more efficient when the tasks need to tap multiple aspects. Cooperation is the way for individuals to improve themselves by learning from other people with more experiences. A group can always be a good resource for improvement. A person will receive help and criticism from people with different points of view. Hence, they can become more aware and well-rounded over the tasks. Cooperation also helps individuals to focus on their expertise, by dividing the task into parts for each members. As the result, the individuals can all boost their performance, which contribute to the larger task. On the other hand, cooperation also contains risks. People might be dependent on other members, as well as be misrepresented in the contribution. Because the cooperation requires some individuals to sacrifice more than others, people might be reluctant to group work.There is no perfect way to measure which ways will help people to achieve more success. Nevertheless, people should be flexible in different situations to figure out what will bring them what they want. I personally think success is the long journey, on which I will have to work individually and work with other people. It is important to have competitions so that the quality of the work will always increase. Cooperation is also important if people want to achieve bigger goals that can never be reached by a single person's effort. In short, it is essential to include both competition and cooperation in any work place depending on the situations to get the most success. 