There is a popular saying that goes 'United we stand, Divided we fall.' As this saying suggests, it is really important that there must be unity among people when working towards a goal. In today's highly competitive society, it has become a norm to work as hard as possible in order to have an edge among the people. It has become increasingly necessary to be able to handle any difficult task as efficiently as possible.Although this may seem logical, it defies the meaning that the word 'humanity' suggests. Today's level of competition has created a scenario where, in order to succeed, we must step over anybody else's success. For example, if a student is accepted into a university, it takes away the chance from another student who could possibly study there. Although it may be due to lower scores of the student, it can also be possible due to circumstances out of control of the student such as lack of resources.On the other hand, cooperating towards a goal helps people learn, grow and provide solutions for obstacles in the way of doing so. It helps people understand their potential, limitations and gives them a sense of security that there is always somebody to help them.When people know that they have to work together for a certain task, they try to be as connected as possible while in a competitive environment, they tend to not help each fully knowing that it may affect their position in the race. This creates a sense of envy and unfriendliness among people. Man is a social animal. All things we do are not completely for ourselves, we may also do a lot of things that do not help us at all such as helping a random stranger on the street. Such acts signify that we, as, humans, tend to learn and develop together. Thus, staying in a cooperative environment can help progress be faster than what it is today. To give an instance, suppose a country has developed a special supercomputer. Another country, with brilliant mathematicians could use it but due to competition, they do not let them use it. Ultimately, this harms the progress of humanity which, in absence of competition, could have helped change people's lives. Thus, I believe that cooperation can help people achieve more success than competition.