  I traveled to many placed in my lifetime. Such as Paris, Amsterdam, Ethiopia, Belgium etc. I came to the realization that appearances, images and impressions have a lot of effect on people including myself. For example, I was born in a small town in Ethiopia where images weren't placed everywhere or where advertisement weren't everywhere you looked. But in today’s society advertisements and impressions for any product has made it easier for companies to sell their item. For instance, the very second you turn on any TV, radio or YouTube video. There is always an ad attached to it because these ads give out the best impressions on these products so consumers can buy them. And because of these ads companies all over the world make their profit. Although, this is great for companies because they’re making their revenue. It’s not always the same way for the customers. Customers tend to very vulnerable when it comes to any products with a "great deal" or "sale" "early morning bird special deal" because these costumers believe that it’s a great deal and that they’re getting the most out of their money but are they really? We are in this so called superficial world where almost most things are fake. And because these ads give out such a fake persona of how the product really is that we as consumers don’t really realize we tend to give in anyways and spend that money. One day, my mother purchased this mattress from this company and they had a great deal going on and the ad for this mattress made it seem as if it was one of the greatest mattresses. So my mom ordered it online because she really wanted that deal and she knew she wouldn't have time to go to the store. So we got the mattress days later. As we were placing it on the bed, we realized it wasn't what we had thought. This ad gave out the wrong impression to the point where it made an effect on us to buy it. All in all, companies do this all the time that way they can the most out of their customers. This is their way of making profit and sometimes the only way. In order for someone to buy a product that was recently made, you would have to promote it to all these companies or else no one would know of your product. So that's the same type of mindset these companies have. The more the ads the more the money per say because the more people know about your product the more attention it will bring and the more effect it will have on the people.  