     In order to answer the age old question of cooperation versus competition in terms of which yields greater success, we must first establish a consensus on what defines success. Since we are describing these two terms in a work environment, it is fair to assume success is measure based on position in the company and salary/income. Success is born out of many things, including cooperation and competition, but it in our terms we will determine which one yields a higher level of success.     Cooperation is defined as working together to achieve a common goal, our goal is to reach a high level of success. When it comes to group success, cooperation wins over competition because competition emphasizes a singular person to be better than the other, this of course is not necessarily a bad thing.      In a cooperative environment, success can be measure as to how the entire unit performed. In a competitive environment, we measure how much more successful was one person over the other. The different measurement styles makes it difficult for us to measure these since they are not on the same scale. Since they are measured differently, each with its pros and cons that help out in different scenarios. For example, in order for a work environment to function, cooperation is often stressed because you are not working against each other, like competition emphasizes, rather you are as a unit that must cooperate under the umbrella of a single company. Once we look at the bigger picture in a global scale, we see individual companies as singular units that are competing against each other, in terms of money, growth and for success.     In our work environment and in our definition, it is fair to say that we are cooperating with ourselves in order to be able to compete when we are challenged. Based on this logic, it can be concluded that because of our cooperation, we were able to achieve a high level of success among ourselves but we were able to achieve a high level of success because of that "us vs. them" mindset that competition emphasizes.  