In the world today, it seems as if anything or anyone that is being marketed is exaggerated or advertised entirely falsely. We live in a world where Photoshop is a normal thing, politicians and celebrities are portrayed as perfect beings, and items are sold with a huge price tag with the promise that the item is a solution to all your problems. A lot of times, us humans tend to forget that the things we see aren't always what they seem. One big problem in the society today is the photo shopping of models. In the entertainment business, models are often photo shopped to visibly appear perfect. However, the end result turns out to be something completely out of this world. The clothes that these models advertise would not fit or look good on an average woman. An average woman is not stick thin and has perfectly chiseled abs. Still, clothing brands promote their products as if every woman out their looks like a Victoria's Secret Angel. The society also is very adamant on idolizing celebrities and politicians. Whenever we flip through a magazine or watch a T.V. show, we wonder how perfect the life of these celebrities must be. They have the perfect bodies, an amazing wardrobe, and an abundance of riches. However, we do not know what is happening in their lives behind the veil. This may very well be a facade and they may be completely bankrupt. Who really knows?The American industry is such that you can come up with the most absurd products and you will still find a huge market. People today spend hundreds of dollars on items such as coffee joules to keep their coffee warm rather than get up and use a microwave. Furthermore, people blow money on items that are by no means necessary. There are many products out their that promise to clear your skin of acne. People will blow thousands of dollars on medication and procedures but will refuse to eat healthy and workout to keep their skin healthy.In my opinion, images and impressions have a large impact on people. The way celebrities and politicians are portrayed and the way products are advertised, what we think we see becomes far more important than what it really is. 