Yes, I do agree that images and impressions have too much of an effect on people. Impressions are ingrained in our minds as an very important concept throughout our upbringing. "First impressions make a difference", and "First impression is the last impression"; we have all heard of these proverbs. There is a huge amount of judgement and focus related to the appearance of a human being, or a object like a book, household item and even food items. There is a huge demand of only beautiful looking fruits and vegetables. People would prefer a better looking pesticide rich apples than an organic slightly tinted skinned organic apples. Even people are judged based on their ward-robe, styling, and appearance rather than for their knowledge, values and talent they bring along with them. Be it any job interviews - ranging from a superstore, or a technology giant or a medical school; every job aspect requires you being dressed formally regardless of the position you are applying for. I remember a personal incident of this. Having immigrated from India, I knew very little about job interview appearances and I was off for my first job interview at Publix for the job of a cashier. I was wearing sneakers and jeans as I did not have a proper attire, and instead of judging me based on my interview answers, the interviewer questioned me about my attire. Appearance is taking away the reality from the important aspects, but we as humans love everything attractive and therefore, it is here to stay. Western culture ranks among being impressionists and appearance oriented compared to eastern cultures. This concept is widely visible in their architecture. The buildings in United States have a beautiful, attractive entrance and front yard and the necessary amenities like a patio, deck, kitchen, house pipelines are always in the back. There is a concept of always only showing your better side and the good side to others. This concept according to me is not very realistic and is falsely luring, just like those commercials which show for lucrative colorfully packaged products, which will hardly come through with its results. So even though this concept is not very appropriate, we all blindly follow it instead of questioning it or trying to make a difference through your own self. 