Desktops, laptops, and even a mobile phone contains information on countless different aspects of life that can range from sports, mathematics, to music. Due to everyone's busy nature in 2017, people rely on advertisements and social media to have an impression about certain events or people. Whether it is trying to figure who the next big star in music is going to be or which Instagram model has the most lavish life, people have started to create an opinion about different areas without prior knowledge. In a fast-paced digitalized world, images and impressions have too much of an effect on the way people judge and experience different aspects of their life. One of the best examples of how images can reshape an entire nation can be found in politics. Studies show that only 12% of all voters in the United States have genuine knowledge about how the candidate's policies can be implemented and help or not help the nation as well as themselves. Over the years, political candidates have recognized that their votes belong in the 88% instead of spending precious time and money for the 12%. Candidates spend unfathomable amounts of money on a campaign team and a social media team, because they want to reflect a certain image to the American people. For example, Barack Obama has created an image for himself as an intelligent, charismatic, and friendly pacifist which has allowed a good number of Americans to put their trust in him. Most people would justify their vote by talking about minimal knowledge on tax reforms and medical care, but studies have shown the general personality and image of the candidate wins voters. In the country's most recent election, Donald Trump created a rude, demeaning, but honest and patriotic image for himself which (some) people adored. A lot of people will justify their vote by mentioning how different and new he is compared to the rest of the politicians, because he has created a strong impression on the American people.Another area where images and impressions have had too much of an effect on people is athletics. Television networks such as ESPN and ABC Sports cannot stream every game at every moment, so they have to show replays or highlights. YouTube consists of millions of highlights from basketball to tennis. When television networks or websites show highlights, they want to make sure their clips are interesting so that people watch them. In other words, flashy athletes such as Kyrie Irving will be shown regularly on the highlight reel. When fans watch highlights of Kyrie Irving, they buy his shoes, jersey, socks, etc. This kind of marketability allows sponsors to pay him for advertisements and shoe companies will also continue to pay and endorse him as a superstar. All of these images and impressions lead people to think very highly of him, but after watching Kyrie Irving play a full game, fans will realize that there are times when he does not play defense or does not pass the ball. However, ESPN is not going to put that on their highlight reel. Other professional basketball players understand that he is a liability in some areas of the game, but the average consumer believes he is the greatest player of all time, because of how he is advertised around the world. 