All that glitters is not gold, well as fancy as it sounds, this proverb has a much deeper meaning to it. It is indeed very true to admit and accept that our society is fostered more by creativity, colors and stand-ups than in comparison to the actuality and reality. A very prominent example can be a motivational speaker. A motivational speaker is nobody but a young person who by his impressions and hypothesis of the world wants to create a drive among individuals to venture out in life with certain perspective. But what these people or individuals undermine is, who the actual person is? What he has done to get here, and why does he what he wants us to see. Today's world is faded by people's expectations for their reality rather than being realistic about their reality. In the very basic sense, it can be explained as a watch being marketed and advertised to the public. This watch is known for its fancy tricks such as calling, social media, clock and almost all the other impossible things it can do. Agreed this is a high tech smart product created for the luxury and the development of a society but when it gets under the marketing department of the company, people will be forced into believing that it is an exceptional phenomenon in the field of technology. The next day it takes all over the media, the reviews start rolling in. A simple smart product is converted into a highly anticipated innovation just in a fortnight. That is the power of media and impressions. It makes people believe what they want to believe. they show what we want to see and they make us listen to what we want to listen. This often takes toll on people, they vote and buy on impression and when they have it in their hand-they are not as convinced as they thought they'd be. If this happens to you, then you should know, you have been marketed. Now, this might not always be such a bad thing to do- when we want something exciting for supper, we act our very best in front of our parents in order to earn it. Similarly these businesses are the same, they want to thrive you for something exciting, so that you get all buttered up and buy their product. This is not only the case with products, when an entertainer comes in front of us on a stage, theater or anything else, and starts doing his/her act- it often leaves a lasting effect on us. When we come out after watching this entertainer. there are many abilities and qualities we want to inherit from him, but what we quite commonly forget is that he/ she is just an entertainer doing things to make us feel something about it. It is all part and parcel, marketers/advertisers/entertainers/actors/politicians neither are they wrong at their part trying to sell themselves and nor are us who are buying this from them. This is just how our society works, and this is how it can be both effective and efficient at the same time. 