I believe people gain the most amount of success through cooperation. In a work area, your coworkers are there to help you strive. However, if you are rude and always try to be ahead by putting others down, nobody will help you. Treat others the way you want to be treated. Once you get the title of someone as stuck-up, it will stay with you forever. When a time comes when you need a favor, those you stepped on will not be there to help you. In camp when I was a counselor, we learned cooperation skills. We worked together, we strived together. We all had to be on the same page in order to deliver the same message and the participants would not be confused. On the other hand, many teachers/companies promote competition. It is a way for them to encourage someone to do the best they can. For example, they might offer incentives such as promotion. Is promotion worth it if you had to go against your friends and go out of your way to make sure they do not succeed? This is where ethics and morality come in to play. People of good moral background want what is best not only for themselves, but also for those around them. Imagine winning a trip on a cruise for beating everyone else in a race. It would make you happy, but it would make you even more happier if you worked with everyone in that race and won a group trip. You would not be alone and everyone would be able to join in on the celebration. Competing is not a terrible idea, but if you are morally doing something wrong while competing, it is. It is better to share the success than to go through it alone. Nobody wants to die alone and that is why people get married and have a family. Not only to share success, but also to share the joy success brings.Also, the more people you have on your side, the greater the chance of creating something better and more efficient. It is good to hear everyone's ideas and that would help people become more open-minded to new innovations. Without new ideas and innovations, we would all still be stuck with flip phones. 