Images and impressions definitely have too much of an effect on people. I agree with this statement because humans tend to believe with their eyes. It makes complete sense why people would advertise false promises because if people see something that is good it is probable that they will think that whatever is being advertised will be equally good or better. Because "seeing is believing," big corporations use that as a scheme to make people believe that their product is worth your hard money. There are many ways to use images to make people believe something. For example, if a product is geared toward young men, there is most likely going to be images of attractive women, wearing not too much clothing. These tend to make boys think that if they use that product that they will get attention from women. Moreover, products geared toward getting the attention of women are more likely to pick on women's insecurity. This is found most commonly in beauty products where an attractive woman is shown and it is made to believe that she became that way because of the particular product. This creates a sense of false hope because these women's pictures are most likely photo-shopped to be ideal or they have been through extensive cosmetic surgery. Photoshop is a dangerous tool used by people in advertisement to deceive the audience. If people believe that they need to do something or use a particular product to achieve the feeling of satisfaction based on what they see in advertisements, it makes them spend more money to do this which lands right in the hands of the big corporations. These corporations literally make money from selling dreams to people. But don't we all use a little false advertising now and then to make ourselves seem more trustworthy, kind or likable?On the other hand, believing with our eyes is also judging with our eyes. When we see new people we tend to judge them on their appearance before actually getting to know the person. The way people dress or style their hair can be linked to their personality or how that person is living. These can be pushing factors for someone to want to engage with this person or walk away from them. This can lead to people being discouraged to become friends with another because of their first impression. Impressions can go a long way as well. We often hear that the first impression is the most important because it is what people will remember you as for as long as they know you. The first impression you make on someone can be a lasting one. I think that this is true because a person can change and reform themselves many times but can still be remembered for that slip up they had many years in the past. For example, if you are working in a group with an individual who is basically free riding or not giving any vital input, you most likely will never want to work with this person again. This person could become the person with the best grade in the class but it is probable that you'll always remember them as the group's free-rider. Consequently, there could be possibilities where you can change their perception of you but there will always be that first time stuck in their heads. This is a clear example of people with felonies on their record. When applying for work, the employers see that they are ex-convicts and automatically assume the worst. When in actuality, this person could be locked up because of unpaid fines because they didn't have a job. This will hinder the employer's perception of this individual when he could actually have what they are.