Advancements in the world take time and effort. There is a balance or mixture of the two that would become ideal. If I had to choose between the two, I would say that competition drives success and new innovations in comparison to cooperation. Even though a group of people may be able to achieve more than a single person, competition brings motivation and that is what makes new inventions and jumps in technology. Cooperation without any competition makes a person lazy and there is nothing to drive them forward. The whole idea of free market economy that everyone is so found of in America is a gleaming example of this. Businesses and made successful because of this. They are all competing to created something better or produce at a cheaper price in order to become successful. Athletes better themselves in order to become that number one, whether it be at a school, country, or even the world. Would the gold metal Olympian be that good at a sport or in that good of a shape if he or she would not have to try and best everyone else? That is an example of physical achievements but there are many others. The space race for example. Because of the competition between countries, great advancements in space technology and sonar were made, along with countless others. This lead to GPS which everyone can have access to so easily. It has lead to the first man leaving earth and landing on the moon. New discoveries and test can be made to even further our knowledge in science. The technology that everyone is blessed with today, the cell phone, this computer that I am typing on. Many of these technologies were made by the government for war. Bill Gates for example, he started building computers and inventing new technology in order to become successful and better what was there before. This is what competition does, it drives people to create, to improve, what is there. Though, pure competition between everyone would not bring about much success. If everyone was trying to "one up" everyone else, then it would be hard to get anything done. There is a certain level of cooperation that would be needed. Experts in different fields grouping together to make something new that is cheaper or more accurate that another company would be an example. Competition with a certain level of cooperation is how we have and will create newer, better things. 