First of all, some philosophers tend to argue that Human being are attracted by what they found attractive, what they want to reproduce, what they aspire to. Thus, images and impressions can have a significant impact on them. Indeed, these are the first thing people see, and it often determines the following proceedings of certain decisions. For instance, regarding the commercial field, if a shampoo smells good, or its packaging is colorful and attractive, the consumer will be more likely to buy it even though he ignores its components or even its price. Moreover, is it possible to use the same reasoning in the political field: charismatic leaders, who feel comfortable and at ease with public speech, are more likely to catch people's attention and be elected even though their genuine opinions and interests are not advantageous for the electoral college. How could we explain this absolute attraction and impact of images?A lot of explanations could be found with the increasing of new technologies and the burden imposed on people to always be in conformity with the so-called accepted social norms. In other words, people do not try to differentiate themselves in some cases but try to be accepted. Therefore, they do not look in depth what they see but only aspire to imitate it, such as a kind of mimetic. Thus, images and impressions do have too much of an effect on people and this can even be a potential danger: lack of aspiration, uniformity, depression, isolation. Indeed, if superficiality overweighs reality, what is the point of being human? Images and impressions only create a superficial world, when people can feel excluded from, and are just an undercover tool to hide real issues, and concerns. People have to overcome these impressions by creating their own opinions, being aware of what they buy, of who they vote for, etc.To conclude, the statement 'what we think we see becomes far more important than what really is' is unfortunately true in our modern society and is an issue that human being have to face to and overcome.