    In our culture and society, we are constantly competing for first place in the classroom, on the field, on the corporate ladder, and even within our social circles; however, is this the best way to actually achieve success? While we have been told that life is a race, it's actually more of a relay. People achieve more success by cooperation in their academic lives, their careers, and in their personal lives. Competition might be how we get in the door, but cooperation is how we expand our horizons and grow as individuals.    The first lesson we were taught in kindergarten was to share. Everything was better together; food, toys, play time, and nap time. As we got older and grades were earned through merit, the environment turned more competitive. Competition for the highest test score and the best grades began to overshadow the communal spirit we were taught in kindergarten. But if you look close enough, the cooperative spirit never really left the classroom. Most people formed study groups, had group projects, and even gave the answers to the homework to the person that had forgotten to do it. Cooperation was how we got through daily school tasks.    It seems like everybody has a college degree and studies show, that millennials are the most educated generation. The economy is definitely on the up so there are more opportunities than ten years ago. But still, there is a high saturation in the job market. That means college graduates face fierce competition in the professional world. Once the initial completion is over and a job is obtained, the most viable way to move up in the 'corporate ladder' is through cooperation. It is better to get advice and counsel from a seasoned coworker or superior, and also to give knowledge, if you have it. This exchange of knowledge helps to make the everyday tasks easier and it also gives you credibility as someone willing to ask for help, and give help when asked.    Finally, cooperation is the key to success on a personal level. Whether it is in a social circle of friends or in the intimacy of family, having a spirit of cooperation will help to foster healthier and stronger relationships. At the end of the day, you will also have peace of mind and a sense of accomplishment that attributes to feeling like you have led a successful life.    Cooperation is the key to success in academia, professions, and in our personal lives. While at some points we will have to compete, keeping a spirit of cooperation will ensure success in the long run.