Images and impressions do have too much of an effect on people. Certain products are promoted to "help" people achieve the look they wish to have. Women especially are affected by the marketing tactics and advertisements of beauty companies' products. These beauty companies are trying to promote a specific image and/ or body type so that women buy their products. For example, Victoria's Secret uses tall, long-legged, skinny models to promote their lingerie and underwear. When women see this, they think "that could be me." Besides it being an impossible idea, women still fall into the traps that companies like Victoria's Secret set up for them. Another way that women are enticed to buy certain products is that they are told that a product is specifically designed for women. Razors are sold in pink packages. Shaving cream is made to produce super soft skin. Sanitary wipes are "pH balanced." A facial cream targets those "hard-to-reach babyhairs." Companies use their marketing techniques to appeal to the insecurities and dislikes that women have of themselves. On another note, men are much too often taken to be the smarter gender. Women are not fit to lead because we are too "emotional." When a man is being considered for a position, it is taken into account whether he is authoritative enough or masculine enough. Women are often overlooked because they are thought to eventually want kids, or they seem too soft. Society has placed an impression on people that a leader/boss should not be emotional or sympathetic. A boss is supposed to be strict and powerful. We can take the election between Trump and Hillary Clinton into consideration. American's who voted for Trump love to say that they only voted for him because he "says it like it is" and because they didn't want another puppet in power. The reality is that most people do not believe a woman is "man enough" to run a country. They believe that a woman's emotions are too irrational for her to be in charge of diplomatic relations, which is hilariously ironic. American's chose a TV personality to run the country instead of the individual who has decades of practice working with politicians and lobbyists. People do not like to admit that they are easily influenced. In reality, however, people take the images that society plants in their minds and make their decisions based on those images or ideas. Women still fall into the trap to buy push-up bras and the razors with the pink handles that are made just for them. Men and women still consider the emotional aspects of women when deciding on who should get a promotion or who should be elected. So yes, images and impressions play a much larger role than one may expect. 