Both, competition and cooperation helps build character and building character is what helps you achieve success. I personally think that success is obtained when the person learns to work while competing but also while creating a cooperative bond with others. No one in this life is going to tell you how hard to work, you are the one in charge of making yourself work harder and a little competition is sometimes necessary to ensure that this happens. On the other hand, we must acknowledge that this is a society that was built by efforts of groups of people and not only by only one individual, that's why cooperation is necessary in any aspect you could think of. Becoming more efficient in work is what everyone wants. Getting a better job, with better salary is popularly aimed. To get that, people must compete with each other, one person, at the end of the day, will always have better abilities than the other and in most cases the other less capable individual will try to improve his or her performance in order to reach the desired position. Competition in this case is not bad, instead it helped built the character of a person. Without the drive of improving and becoming better than others, it would be virtually impossible for new discoveries to be made in this ever changing world we are living in. This world is populated by societies that were founded by the efforts of many great people. All those conjugated efforts helped create what we now have. Cooperation is also key to improvement. One may say that is easier to work alone, with no one bothering you. And even if this is reality, in one point of your life, you'll need someone to help you achieve your goal. You may try to avoid this, but eventually you'll be leaded to the path of cooperation. Obtaining this ability is hard, but a better version of yourself will be created through the effort you are putting into it. Great achievements could be obtained by a single person or by a group of people, and in those cases in which group competition is involved, cooperation must be reached somehow. Also between individuals, in one way of another, eventually, you'll have to work with someone else. One can't close their eyes and believe that only one ability is necessary for success, but we should have the thinking that both abilities are required in this ever changing world. This world desperately need people that's able to compete but also cooperate, we won't get anywhere if we just fight between us... But we won't never get better if we are just hugging each other all the time. Balance between this two abilities is key if we want to improve this world we are living in. 