We often hear in our every day's speech that "picture is worth thousand words". But is that really like that? Every day we are "bombed" with colorful photos of new products, new entertainers and new ideas and often we are unable to stay uninfluenced by all the glitter that is served to us.Few weeks ago, new iPhone X was shown to the world and new mass hysteria started. Everyone who I saw the next day had something to say about it. Let's think about it for a second. Is iPhone the best phone in the world? Probably not. So why do people want to buy iPhone and not Nokia? The answer is - advertisement. Since the day one, Apple was putting a lot of their earnings in marketing and sophisticated packaging, so when you do buy it, you have an feeling that you bought more than a phone.What happens with entertainment? It is the same story as with iPhone, the best entertainers are not the most famous or the most payed. People love to read about Kardashians even though most of them don' do anything in their lives. None of them finished college, none of them has a real job. But still people love to watch their show and by doing that, make them more and more famous. If we are speaking about advertisement, they are definitely the best example what an advertisement can do. They are just a "product" that many people are happy to consume even without critically thinking about their lives. If we speak about musicians, we come to the same story. If you don't want to be in media and work on your advertisement daily, someone else with maybe less talent will get more media space and therefore, people will want more and more of its music. I was recently on Taylor Swift concert, and although I love her personality and am really fond of her, I was sort of disappointed when I saw her live. Don't get me wrong, she is incredible artist, very hard working and beautiful girl, but the first thing I thought when I saw her was - "she is not the best dancer nor the best singer I saw". So how come someone like Taylor, became so popular? The answer is advertisement. I am sure that she (and many others) have a group of experts who advise them on everything - how to get dressed, what to say, how to behave...By saying all that, it is clear that people (including me) get influenced by shinny pictures that they see in media, no matter how against or for something they are. They will follow that image and try to be as similar as possible to image they see in newspaper. Every day we see a lot of young girls who try to look as much as possible like the faces from magazines, by losing their few kilos more they or changing their haircut, or by just buying whatever they can afford and that their favorite celebrity endorsed. Maybe is time for all of us to start thinking more with our heads and spend less time blindly following shinny images that are served to us every day.