I believe that there is always more than meets the eye, but the illusion of grandeur to a person who is ignorant to the fact is a surefire way to manipulate the suspect. Commercials, politicians, actors, and even singers or artists have a lot of "behind the scenes" that shows more work that goes into the process rather than one person being behind it even though we only see one person. This ideology is called the "figurehead" approach. Where a team of advisors picks one influential, charismatic leader to showcase all of their decisions. An example of this would be the president. He is the figurehead that represents our country, the United States of America. Everything that happens in this country is usually traced back and pointed at the president, even though (s)he might not have anything to do with the decision. Congress is the main group that decides what gets passed and what doesn't, and as a result, if the president requests something to pass and it does not, Congress is most likely to blame. Moreover, commercials can be used as an example as well. There are many times where even I watch a commercial and fall under a spell of seduction through the positive words and colorful images and excitement that they show with the product, but sometimes commercials are represented in different ways. The Emoji Movie, a highly critiqued movie based on its content as well as the foundation of which it is based off of, was criticized for its lack of proper storyline, character development, and most importantly, advertisement. The highest rated reviews said that this movie was just a huge collection of never-ending advertisements shown through a movie. They featured special apps--using their trademarked names--and even showed apps that didn't relate to its actual purpose at all. Not only that, more manipulative, subliminal messaging can be found in our TV shows, movies, and music videos. Beats, a popular headphone company amongst the teens to young adults, is featured nonstop in music videos and certain TV shows. Apple has been known to let shows or movies pay for the royalties of feature the Apple logo to subliminally message their products to the people watching the videos. Even today, the very popular streaming service, Youtube, is starting to feature paid promotion through Youtubers, and even though they explicitly state that in the beginning, it is still a bummer to watch something that was paid for instead of interesting, artisanal content that is why you subscribed in the first place. Lastly, the most important topic is that of fake news articles. News is spread around through Facebook, Twitter, Reddit, and other social media, but the legitimacy of these articles is overlooked by lazy people who only believe everything at face value and fail to look deeper into the article or research the topic a little bit more to verify its credibility. It's all fun and games when ignorance takes advantage of people who don't know much about the product and therefore increases sales because they simply fall under the manipulative spell of fancy packaging or whoever is promoting the product, but when it comes down to the importance of news and real life situations, do a little more research and be more wary.