As old sayings, "Do not judge a book by its cover!" does no longer apply to today's society. It is true that majority of individuals are connecting with each other by their looks or what the other individual plans to shown. Even though majority of individuals deny the fact that they are judging others by their looks when one encounters an individual who proudly says that one connected with another individual by one's look, that individual gets offended. Imagine a job interview where there are two young individuals who are ready to present themselves: theoretically, they are both dressed similar. Statistically shown that the more attractive individual gets the job offered more than the less attractive individual. This statistics override any sexism whatsoever. So it is true that for an individual to survive in this society, one with better looks will have more advantage. By applying that thought, Asia has been always popular with plastic surgery. It has now became a huge stigma. As Asians - not all but majority - have what Americans or white individuals call 'small eyes'. No double eyelid, straight eyelashes, and so many features that just scream that they are Asians. By "fixing" those characteristics into more Northern Americanized characteristics, now many individuals from Asia now mix well and adapt North American cultures. Before plastic surgeries, I still remember, in 2004, when I visited the United States for the first time, no one knew where Korea was. This clearly states that the looks crushed so barriers between cultures.So many cultures now have been lived and mixed together. By the year of 2020, a scientist hypothesized that due to so many mixing of cultures, an individual from North America will be not much different looking than Asians or South Americans or Africans. This was possible because of constant consciousness of individuals' looks. If one individual does not "fit in", one becomes depressed and later either change the direction of one's life or one's look. Most of the time it is the second choice, because it is easier. Even at job interviews, schools, any society setting, one will be constantly judging each other by their looks. This should be changed; not even decades ago, Americans were discriminating individuals with different shades of colors; how ironic, and what are the best selling products in the stores? Vivid colored items. 